[DOCS][8.6] Release notes version 8.6 (#2762)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/8.6.asciidoc

[[release-notes-header-8.6.0]]
== 8.6

[discrete]
[[release-notes-8.6.0]]
=== 8.6.0

[discrete]
[[known-issue-8.6.0]]
==== Known issues
There are no known issues in 8.6.0.

[discrete]
[[breaking-changes-8.6.0]]

> ==== Breaking changes

Author: ```suggestion
==== Breaking changes
There are no breaking changes in 8.6.0.

```

There are no breaking changes in 8.6.0.

// tag::breaking-changes[]
// NOTE: The breaking-changes tagged regions are reused in the Elastic Installation and Upgrade Guide. The pull attribute is defined within this snippet so it properly resolves in the output.
:pull: https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/
// end::breaking-changes[]

[discrete]
[[deprecations-8.6.0]]
==== Deprecations
There are no deprecations in 8.6.0.

[discrete]
[[features-8.6.0]]
==== Features
* Allows you to add indicators to new or existing cases ({pull}145121[#145121]).
* Adds the `is one of` operator to the *Add field* menu in Timeline ({pull}144988[#144988]).
* Adds an "Add to timeline investigation" button to the User Risk Scores and Host Risk Scores cards on the Entity Analytics dashboard ({pull}144819[#144819]).
* Provides the option to duplicate rules and their exceptions or rules only ({pull}144782[#144782]).
* Improves the Shared Exception Lists page and allows you to export read-only exception lists ({pull}144383[#144383]).

> * Enables a technical preview of functionality that allows users to create runtime queries that can be parameterized from alert data or hard coded literal values. ({pull}145240[#145240]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enables you to build runtime queries using alert data or hard-coded literal values (technical preview only). ({pull}145240[#145240]).
```

> * Enables a technical preview of functionality that allows users to create runtime queries that can be parameterized from alert data or hard coded literal values. ({pull}145240[#145240]).

Author: ```suggestion
* Enables you to build runtime queries using alert data or hard-coded literal values.  (Technical preview only). ({pull}145240[#145240]).
```

* Improves the interface for creating rule exceptions and shared exception lists ({pull}144575[#144575]).
* Adds cases metadata in the Cases panel on the alert details page ({pull}144430[#144430]).
* Improves the UX for managing {ml} jobs while managing {ml} rules ({pull}144080[#144080]).
* Enables you to run {ml} jobs from the Notable Anomalies table ({pull}142861[#142861]).
* Updates the take action UI for charts on the Hosts, Users, and Network pages ({pull}138369[#138369]).
* Adds a *Respond* button to the Host Details page for hosts with an {agent} installed ({pull}143988[#143988]).
* Allows you to add up to three new terms to New Terms rule queries, enabling you to create alerts when multiple new terms appear in the same event ({pull}143943[#143943]).
* Allows you to launch Timeline from the Entity Analytics dashboard by clicking alert counts ({pull}143841[#143841]).
* Adds missing TLP Marking badges to the Indicators table and Indicator details flyout ({pull}143431[#143431]).
* Ensures the empty state of the Indicators page does not appear when threat intelligence integrations are installed ({pull}143328[#143328]).

> * Turns the anomalies count on the Entity Analytics dashboard into a link that jumps down the page to the Anomalies table ({pull}143085[#143085])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Turns the anomalies count on the Entity Analytics dashboard into a link that goes to the Anomalies table ({pull}143085[#143085]).
```

* Provides the option to duplicate rules and their exceptions or rules only ({pull}144782[#144782]).
* Improves the Shared Exception Lists page and allows you to export read-only exception lists ({pull}144383[#144383]).
* Enables a technical preview of functionality that allows users to create runtime queries that can be parameterized from alert data or hard coded literal values. ({pull}145240[#145240]).
* Creates a new connector for Tines ({pull}143505[#143505]).
* Updates the UI for adding and editing exceptions ({pull}143127[#143127]).
* Creates a Shared Exception Lists page for creating, viewing, and modifying shared exception lists ({pull}143041[#143041]).
* Enables you to bulk-add up to 4000 events to Timeline ({pull}142737[#142737]).
* Enables alert suppression per rule execution for custom query rules ({pull}142686[#142686]).
* Improves role-based access controls for {kib} users performing response actions ({pull}142825[#142825]).

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.6.0]]
==== Bug fixes and enhancements
* Adds the *View indicators* button to the Threat Intelligence card ({pull}145125[#145125]).

> * Updates the guided onboarding walkthrough ({pull}144016[#144016], {pull}143598[#143598]).

Author: ```suggestion
```

// tag::breaking-changes[]
// NOTE: The breaking-changes tagged regions are reused in the Elastic Installation and Upgrade Guide. The pull attribute is defined within this snippet so it properly resolves in the output.
:pull: https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/
// end::breaking-changes[]

[discrete]
[[deprecations-8.6.0]]
==== Deprecations
There are no deprecations in 8.6.0.

[discrete]
[[features-8.6.0]]
==== Features
* Allows you to add indicators to new or existing cases ({pull}145121[#145121]).
* Adds the `is one of` operator to the *Add field* menu in Timeline ({pull}144988[#144988]).
* Adds an "Add to timeline investigation" button to the User Risk Scores and Host Risk Scores cards on the Entity Analytics dashboard ({pull}144819[#144819]).
* Provides the option to duplicate rules and their exceptions or rules only ({pull}144782[#144782]).
* Improves the Rule Exceptions interface and allows you to export read-only exception lists ({pull}144383[#144383]).
* Enables a technical preview of functionality that allows users to create runtime queries that can be parameterized from alert data or hard coded literal values. ({pull}145240[#145240]).

> * Allows users to deploy Osquery across all {agent} policies or on specified policies only ({pull}143948[#143948]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer 2: Note to self that I'll likely need to add this to the Kibana release notes since this feature was developed for the Kibana Osquery page.

Reviewer 2: Added to Kibana release notes in https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/148480.

* Creates a new connector for Tines ({pull}143505[#143505]).
* Updates the UI for adding and editing exceptions ({pull}143127[#143127]).

> * Creates a Rule Exceptions page for creating, viewing, and modifying shared exception lists ({pull}143041[#143041]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Creates a Shared Exception Lists page for creating, viewing, and modifying shared exception lists ({pull}143041[#143041]).
```

Reviewer 2: Might be a good place to mention that after upgrading to 8.6, exception lists created in 8.5 or earlier are imported as shared exception lists. For example:

Creates a Shared Exception Lists page for creating, viewing, and managing shared exception lists. Exception lists created in 8.5 or earlier are imported as shared exception lists ({pull}143041[#143041]).

* Removes the `Optional` label from the `Additional look-back time` rule setting ({pull}142375[#142375]).
* Fixes a bug that could result in duplicate entries in the Host's page's Events table query ({pull}143239[#143239]).
* Fixes a bug that could interfere with Platinum users' access to the Host Isolation page ({pull}143366[#143366]).
* Fixes a bug that prevented the event analyzer's state from persisting when you switched tabs on the Alerts page ({pull}144291[#144291]).
* Fixes a bug that sometimes caused a page crash when you searched for an indicator ID on the Intelligence page ({pull}144344[#144344]).
* Fixes a bug that prevented newly imported rules from appearing on the Rules page before the page was refreshed ({pull}144359[#144359]).
* Fixes a bug with the toast message for successful bulk editing of rules ({pull}144497[#144497]).
* Fixes a bug that prevented the Event Analyzer from opening in Timeline when the *Show only detection alerts* option is enabled ({pull}144705[#144705]).
* Fixes bugs that affected the display and persistence of event action menus ({pull}145025[#145025]).

> * Fixes a bug that limited the display of breadcrumbs on the Rule Exceptions page ({pull}145605[#145605]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that limited the display of breadcrumbs on the Shared Exception Lists page ({pull}145605[#145605]).
```

> * Fixes various minor UI bugs on the Rule exceptions page ({pull}145334[#145334]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes various minor UI bugs on the Shared Exception Lists page ({pull}145334[#145334]).
```

* Enables a technical preview of functionality that allows users to create runtime queries that can be parameterized from alert data or hard coded literal values. ({pull}145240[#145240]).
* Allows users to deploy Osquery across all {agent} policies or on specified policies only ({pull}143948[#143948]).
* Creates a new connector for Tines ({pull}143505[#143505]).
* Updates the UI for adding and editing exceptions ({pull}143127[#143127]).
* Creates a Rule Exceptions page for creating, viewing, and modifying shared exception lists ({pull}143041[#143041]).
* Enables you to bulk-add events to Timeline (up to 4000) ({pull}142737[#142737]).
* Enables alert suppression per rule execution for custom query rules ({pull}142686[#142686]).
* Improves role-based-access-controls for {kib} users performing response actions to allow security teams to practice least privilege ({pull}142825[#142825]).

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.6.0]]
==== Bug fixes and enhancements
* Adds the *View indicators* button to the Threat Intelligence card ({pull}145125[#145125]).
* Improves the interface for creating rule exceptions and shared exception lists ({pull}144575[#144575]).

> * Adds cases metadata to the alert alert details page, in the Cases panel ({pull}144430[#144430]).

Author: ```suggestion
* Adds cases metadata to the alert details page, in the Cases panel ({pull}144430[#144430]).
```

* Improves the UX for managing {ml} jobs while managing {ml} rules ({pull}144080[#144080]).
* Enables you to run {ml} jobs from the Notable Anomalies table ({pull}142861[#142861]).

> * Adds a guided onboarding flow to help you create your first rules ({pull}144016[#144016], {pull}143598[#143598]).

Author: ```suggestion
```

* Fixes a bug that could result in duplicate entries in the Host's page's Events table query ({pull}143239[#143239]).
* Fixes a bug that could interfere with Platinum users' access to the Host Isolation page ({pull}143366[#143366]).
* Fixes a bug that prevented the Event Analyzer's state from persisting when you switched tabs on the Alerts page ({pull}144291[#144291]).
* Fixes a bug that sometimes caused a page crash when you searched for an indicator ID on the Intelligence page ({pull}144344[#144344]).
* Fixes a bug that prevented newly imported rules from appearing on the Rules page before the page was refreshed ({pull}144359[#144359]).
* Fixes a bug with the toast message for successful bulk editing of rules ({pull}144497[#144497]).
* Fixes a bug that prevented the Event Analyzer from opening in Timeline when the *Show only detection alerts* option is enabled ({pull}144705[#144705]).
* Fixes bugs that affected the display and persistence of event action menus ({pull}145025[#145025]).
* Fixes a bug that limited the display of breadcrumbs on the Rule Exceptions page ({pull}145605[#145605]).
* Fixes various minor UI bugs on the Rule exceptions page ({pull}145334[#145334]).

> * Improves the "permissions required" message that appears on Cloud Posture pages for users without necessary permissions ({pull}145794[#145794]).

Author: ```suggestion
* Improves the "permissions required" message that appears on Cloud Posture pages for users without necessary permissions ({pull}145794[#145794]).
* Fixes a bug that could cause a page not found error when navigating to an exception list without a description ({pull}145833[#145833]).
* Fixes a visual bug with the fullscreen view of rule preview results ({pull}146687[146687]).
* Fixes a visual bug with the fullscreen view of Osquery results ({147076}147076[147076]).
* Fixes a bug with the refresh indicator on the Rule details page ({147806}147806[147806]).

```

* Adds the "is one of" operator to the *Add field* menu in Timeline ({pull}144988[#144988]).
* Adds an "Add to timeline investigation" button to the User Risk Scores and Host Risk Scores cards on the Entity Analytics dashboard ({pull}144819[#144819]).
* When duplicating a rule, allows you to choose whether the duplicate should include the original rule exceptions ({pull}144782[#144782]).
* Improves the Rule exceptions interface and allows you to export read-only exception lists ({pull}144383[#144383]).
* Enables a technical preview of functionality that enables users to create run time queries that can be parameterized from alert data, or hard coded literal values. ({pull}145240[#145240]).
* Enables you to schedule Osquery `global packs` ({pull}143948[#143948]).
* Creates a new connector for Tines ({pull}143505[#143505]).
* Updates the UI for adding and editing exceptions ({pull}143127[#143127]).
* Creates an "Exception list details" page, where you can view linked rules and modify the exception list ({pull}143041[#143041]).
* Enables you to bulk-add events to Timeline (up to 4000) ({pull}142737[#142737]).

> * Enables alert throttling per rule execution for query and saved query rules ({pull}142686[#142686]).

Reviewer 3: @nastasha-solomon Correct, thanks! Here's the edit for now -- I'll do a full review of this PR a little later, and I might try to flesh this out more because it's a notable new feature:
```suggestion
* Enables alert suppression per rule execution for custom query rules ({pull}142686[#142686]).
```

> * Restricts access to the Response Actions History page based on Kibana `Actions Log Management` permissions ({pull}142825[#142825]).

Reviewer 2: The OLM folks wanted something like the following to describe this feature:

```suggestion
* Improved role-based-access-controls for {kib} users performing response actions to allow security teams to practice least privilege ({pull}142825[#142825]).
```

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.6.0]]
==== Bug fixes and enhancements
* Adds a link to *View indicators* to the Threat Intelligence card ({pull}145125[#145125]).
* Improves the interface for creating rule exceptions and shared exception lists ({pull}144575[#144575]).
* Adds cases metadata to the alert alert details page, in the Cases panel ({pull}144430[#144430]).

> * Updates Osquery schema to v5.5.1 ({pull}144090[#144090]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer 2: This likely belongs in the Kibana release notes. I can move this there when I get back or you can ping @KOTungseth for assistance getting it in. :)

* Improves the UX for managing {ml} jobs while managing {ml} rules ({pull}144080[#144080]).
* Enables you to run {ml} jobs from the Notable Anomalies table ({pull}142861[#142861]).

> * Adds a guided onboarding flow to help you create your first rules ({pull}144016[#144016], {pull}143598[#143598]).

Reviewer 2: IIRC, this might not need to be doc'd here or in the Security what's new topic. @jmikell821 do you think we're good to omit this or should we touch base with Paul first? Paul also suggested reaching out to the Platform docs team to see how they're doc'ing this or to see if they're documenting (or at least summarizing) the whole tour on their end.

* Updates the take action UI for charts on the Hosts, Users, and Network pages ({pull}138369[#138369]).

> * Adds a *Respond* button to the Host Details page for hosts with an agent installed ({pull}143988[#143988]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Adds a *Respond* button to the Host Details page for hosts with an {agent} installed ({pull}143988[#143988]).
```

* Allows you to add up to three new terms to New Terms rule queries, enabling you to create alerts when multiple new terms appear in the same event ({pull}143943[#143943]).
* Allows you to launch Timeline from the Entity Analytics dashboard by clicking alert counts ({pull}143841[#143841]).

> * Adds missing TLP Marking badges to the Indicators table and Indicator details page ({pull}143431[#143431]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Adds missing TLP Marking badges to the Indicators table and Indicator details flyout ({pull}143431[#143431]).
```

> * Ensures the empty state of the Indicators page does not appear when any threat intelligence integrations are installed ({pull}143328[#143328]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Ensures the empty state of the Indicators page does not appear when threat intelligence integrations are installed ({pull}143328[#143328]).
```

* Turns the anomalies count on the Entity Analytics dashboard into a link that jumps down the page to the Anomalies table ({pull}143085[#143085])
* Pre-selects the `threat` category when you open the Fields browser ({pull}142698[#142698]).

> * Adds a `copy to clipboard` action for indicators throughout the Threat Intelligence plugin ({pull}142675[#142675]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Adds a `copy to clipboard` action for indicators in the Indicators table ({pull}142675[#142675]).
```

* Adds a `User risk classification` column to the Users table ({pull}142610[#142610]).
* Adds a label to the Indicators page that states when it was last updated ({pull}142560[#142560]).

> * Specifies that links from the Threat Intelligence plugin to the Integrations page should open the Threat Intelligence integrations category ({pull}142538[#142538]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Specifies that links from the Threat Intelligence page to the Integrations page should open the Threat Intelligence integrations category ({pull}142538[#142538]).
```

* Enables full-screen mode on the Indicators table ({pull}142519[#142519]).
* Implements the standard searchbar and date picker on the Threat Intelligence page ({pull}142336[#142336]).
* Updates the design of the Rule Exceptions page ({pull}142289[#142289]).
* Displays comments for expanded items in the Action history page ({pull}141938[#141938]).
// Items below this line were labeled as "bugfixes" rather than "enhancements"
* Replaces the *Run job* button with a *Stop job* button when the job is running ({pull}146407[#146407]).
* Fixes a bug that prevented you from editing an exception while adding a comment to it from the Rules details flyout ({pull}145575[#145575]).
* Fixes a bug that could cause rule previews for New Terms rules to fail ({pull}145707[#145707]).
* Fixes a bug that could cause a `Page not found` error when you navigated to a shared exception list ({pull}145833[#145833]).
* Fixes a bug with the loading indicator that appears when bulk actions are pending ({pull}145905[#145905]).

> * Fixes a bug with the display of the count of linked rules for shared exception lists ({pull}145976[#145976]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug with the linked rules count for shared exception lists ({pull}145976[#145976]).
```

Reviewer 2: @WafaaNasr would you mind letting us know if this summary is accurate?

Reviewer 4: It is accurate! :) Thanks Nastasha and @benironside 
Great work!

* Fixes a bug that prevented you from editing {endpoint} policies created before version 8.3.0 if you had a basic license ({pull}146050[#146050]).
* Fixes a bug that sometimes prevented the Rules table from updating as expected ({pull}146271[#146271]).
* Fixes a bug that sometimes prevented the display of rule preview graphs for custom rules ({pull}142120[#142120]).

> * Removes the "Optional" label from the `Additional look-back time` rule setting ({pull}142375[#142375]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Removes the `Optional` label from the `Additional look-back time` rule setting ({pull}142375[#142375]).
```

* Fixes a bug that could result in duplicate entries in the Host's page's Events table query ({pull}143239[#143239]).
* Fixes a bug that could interfere with Platinum users' access to the Host Isolation page ({pull}143366[#143366]).

> * Fixes a bug that prevented Analyzer's state from persisting when you switched tabs on the Alerts page ({pull}144291[#144291]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that prevented the Event Analyzer's state from persisting when you switched tabs on the Alerts page ({pull}144291[#144291]).
```

* Fixes a bug that sometimes caused a page crash when you searched for an indicator ID on the Intelligence page ({pull}144344[#144344]).
* Fixes a bug that prevented newly imported rules from appearing on the Rules page before the page was refreshed ({pull}144359[#144359]).
* Fixes a bug with the toast message for successful bulk editing of rules ({pull}144497[#144497]).

> * Fixes a bug that prevented Analyzer from opening in Timeline when the "Show only detection alerts" option is enabled ({pull}144705[#144705]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that prevented the Event Analyzer from opening in Timeline when the *Show only detection alerts* option is enabled ({pull}144705[#144705]).
```

* Fixes bugs that affected the display and persistence of event action menus ({pull}145025[#145025]).
* Fixes a bug that limited the display of breadcrumbs on the Rule Exceptions page ({pull}145605[#145605]).

> * Fixes various minor UI bugs on the Rule exceptions page ({pull}145334[#145334]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes various minor UI bugs on the Rule exceptions page ({pull}145334[#145334]).
* Improves the "permissions required" message that appears on Cloud Posture pages for users without necessary permissions ({pull}145794[#145794]).
```

* Provides the option to duplicate rules and their exceptions or rules only ({pull}144782[#144782]).
* Improves the Rule Exceptions interface and allows you to export read-only exception lists ({pull}144383[#144383]).
* Enables a technical preview of functionality that allows users to create runtime queries that can be parameterized from alert data or hard coded literal values. ({pull}145240[#145240]).
* Allows users to deploy Osquery across all {agent} policies or on specified policies only ({pull}143948[#143948]).
* Creates a new connector for Tines ({pull}143505[#143505]).
* Updates the UI for adding and editing exceptions ({pull}143127[#143127]).
* Creates a Rule Exceptions page for creating, viewing, and modifying shared exception lists ({pull}143041[#143041]).
* Enables you to bulk-add events to Timeline (up to 4000) ({pull}142737[#142737]).
* Enables alert suppression per rule execution for custom query rules ({pull}142686[#142686]).
* Improves role-based-access-controls for {kib} users performing response actions to allow security teams to practice least privilege ({pull}142825[#142825]).

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.6.0]]
==== Bug fixes and enhancements

> * Adds the *View indicators* button to the Threat Intelligence card ({pull}145125[#145125]).

Author: ```suggestion
* Adds the *View indicators* button to the Threat Intelligence card ({pull}145125[#145125]).
* Updates the guided onboarding walkthrough ({pull}144016[#144016],{pull}143598[143598]).
```

* Fixes a bug that sometimes caused a page crash when you searched for an indicator ID on the Intelligence page ({pull}144344[#144344]).
* Fixes a bug that prevented newly imported rules from appearing on the Rules page before the page was refreshed ({pull}144359[#144359]).
* Fixes a bug with the toast message for successful bulk editing of rules ({pull}144497[#144497]).
* Fixes a bug that prevented the Event Analyzer from opening in Timeline when the *Show only detection alerts* option is enabled ({pull}144705[#144705]).
* Fixes bugs that affected the display and persistence of event action menus ({pull}145025[#145025]).
* Fixes a bug that limited the display of breadcrumbs on the Rule Exceptions page ({pull}145605[#145605]).
* Fixes various minor UI bugs on the Rule exceptions page ({pull}145334[#145334]).
* Improves the "permissions required" message that appears on Cloud Posture pages for users without necessary permissions ({pull}145794[#145794]).
* Fixes a bug that could cause a page not found error when navigating to an exception list without a description ({pull}145833[#145833]).

> * Fixes a visual bug with the fullscreen view of rule preview results ({pull}146687[146687]).

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixes a visual bug with the fullscreen view of rule preview results ({pull}146687[#146687]).
```

> * Fixes a visual bug with the fullscreen view of Osquery results ({147076}147076[147076]).

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixes a visual bug with the fullscreen view of Osquery results ({147076}147076[#147076]).
```

> * Fixes a bug with the refresh indicator on the Rule details page ({147806}147806[147806]).

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug with the refresh indicator on the Rule details page ({147806}147806[#147806]).
```

* Improves the Rule Exceptions interface and allows you to export read-only exception lists ({pull}144383[#144383]).
* Enables a technical preview of functionality that allows users to create runtime queries that can be parameterized from alert data or hard coded literal values. ({pull}145240[#145240]).
* Allows users to deploy Osquery across all {agent} policies or on specified policies only ({pull}143948[#143948]).
* Creates a new connector for Tines ({pull}143505[#143505]).
* Updates the UI for adding and editing exceptions ({pull}143127[#143127]).
* Creates a Rule Exceptions page for creating, viewing, and modifying shared exception lists ({pull}143041[#143041]).
* Enables you to bulk-add events to Timeline (up to 4000) ({pull}142737[#142737]).
* Enables alert suppression per rule execution for custom query rules ({pull}142686[#142686]).
* Improves role-based-access-controls for {kib} users performing response actions to allow security teams to practice least privilege ({pull}142825[#142825]).

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.6.0]]
==== Bug fixes and enhancements
* Adds the *View indicators* button to the Threat Intelligence card ({pull}145125[#145125]).

> * Updates the guided onboarding walkthrough ({pull}144016[#144016],{pull}143598[143598]).

Author: ```suggestion
* Updates the guided onboarding walkthrough ({pull}144016[#144016],{pull}143598[#143598]).
```

* Ensures the empty state of the Indicators page does not appear when threat intelligence integrations are installed ({pull}143328[#143328]).
* Turns the anomalies count on the Entity Analytics dashboard into a link that jumps down the page to the Anomalies table ({pull}143085[#143085])
* Pre-selects the `threat` category when you open the Fields browser ({pull}142698[#142698]).
* Adds a `copy to clipboard` action for indicators in the Indicators table ({pull}142675[#142675]).
* Adds a `User risk classification` column to the Users table ({pull}142610[#142610]).
* Adds a label to the Indicators page that states when it was last updated ({pull}142560[#142560]).
* Specifies that links from the Threat Intelligence page to the Integrations page should open the Threat Intelligence integrations category ({pull}142538[#142538]).
* Enables full-screen mode on the Indicators table ({pull}142519[#142519]).
* Implements the standard searchbar and date picker on the Threat Intelligence page ({pull}142336[#142336]).
* Updates the design of the Rule Exceptions page ({pull}142289[#142289]).

> * Displays comments for expanded items in the Action history page ({pull}141938[#141938]).

Author: ```suggestion
* Displays comments for expanded items in the Action history page ({pull}141938[#141938]).
* Added HTTP 409 conflict response status codes to error messages for several API requests ({pull}146389[#146389])
```

> * Adds HTTP 409 conflict response status codes to error messages for several API requests ({pull}146389[#146389])

Author: ```suggestion
* Adds HTTP 409 conflict response status codes to error messages for several API requests ({pull}146389[#146389]).
* Adds the new Data Exfiltration Detection (DED) integration package https://github.com/elastic/integrations/pull/4486[#4486].
```

* Fixes a bug that sometimes caused a page crash when you searched for an indicator ID on the Intelligence page ({pull}144344[#144344]).
* Fixes a bug that prevented newly imported rules from appearing on the Rules page before the page was refreshed ({pull}144359[#144359]).
* Fixes a bug with the toast message for successful bulk editing of rules ({pull}144497[#144497]).
* Fixes a bug that prevented the Event Analyzer from opening in Timeline when the *Show only detection alerts* option is enabled ({pull}144705[#144705]).
* Fixes bugs that affected the display and persistence of event action menus ({pull}145025[#145025]).
* Fixes a bug that limited the display of breadcrumbs on the Rule Exceptions page ({pull}145605[#145605]).
* Fixes various minor UI bugs on the Rule exceptions page ({pull}145334[#145334]).
* Improves the "permissions required" message that appears on Cloud Posture pages for users without necessary permissions ({pull}145794[#145794]).
* Fixes a bug that could cause a page not found error when navigating to an exception list without a description ({pull}145833[#145833]).
* Fixes a visual bug with the fullscreen view of rule preview results ({pull}146687[#146687]).

> * Fixes a visual bug with the fullscreen view of Osquery results ({147076}147076[#147076]).

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixes a visual bug with the fullscreen view of Osquery results ({pull}147076[#147076]).
```

> * Fixes a bug with the refresh indicator on the Rule details page ({147806}147806[#147806]).

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug with the refresh indicator on the Rule details page ({pull}147806[#147806]).
```

[[release-notes-header-8.6.0]]
== 8.6

[discrete]
[[release-notes-8.6.0]]
=== 8.6.0

[discrete]
[[known-issue-8.6.0]]
==== Known issues
There are no known issues in 8.6.0.

[discrete]
[[breaking-changes-8.6.0]]

> ==== Breaking changes

Reviewer 3: Should this section have a "There are no known issues..." line, like the others above and below?

Reviewer 2: Previously, we haven't done this and only doc known issues when requested -- i.e., when we're notified that a known bug needs to be release-noted. That said, if you think it'd be useful to include a known issues section, regardless of whether known issues exist, I'd be open to discussing it. :)

Reviewer 3: We already have a "Known issues" section, with a statement in it; same with "Deprecations." The problem I was seeing was that we also have a "Breaking changes" section, but there's nothing at all in it, which looks like something's missing (esp compared to these other two sections).

<img width="638" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87339667/210812156-d6a367e4-d520-411b-a833-3d51b0ef7760.png">

I think I slightly misspoke above -- I think the "Breaking changes" section should include the statement "There are no breaking changes in 8.6.0" in it, instead of just being an empty section heading with no content.

Author: I had that line in there previously, and removed it as Nastasha suggested. I don't have strong feelings either way, since I think having the section blank communicates that there are none, but I agree we should be consistent with the other sections above and below. Unless anyone objects I'll just remove the "There are no..." above and below, as well.

Reviewer 3: I actually think having section headings without any content is not a great practice in general, especially if there would be three empty sections in a row, just three headings without content. Including the statements might be a little overkill (like the old "this page intentionally left blank"), but it doesn't leave any doubt that the sections are finished and complete.

// tag::breaking-changes[]
// NOTE: The breaking-changes tagged regions are reused in the Elastic Installation and Upgrade Guide. The pull attribute is defined within this snippet so it properly resolves in the output.

> :pull: {pull}

Reviewer 3: This attribute definition needs to use the full URL; an attribute definition _inside_ a snippet can't reference another attribute _outside_ the snippet, due to the vagaries of how snippets and scoping work in Asciidoc.

Even if the snippet doesn't currently contain any RNs or content, it'd still be good to make sure that the attribute is correctly defined in case we add content later on.

```suggestion
:pull: https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/
```

// end::breaking-changes[]

[discrete]
[[deprecations-8.6.0]]
==== Deprecations
There are no deprecations in 8.6.0.

[discrete]
[[features-8.6.0]]
==== Features
* Allows you to add indicators to new or existing cases ({pull}145121[#145121]).
* Adds the `is one of` operator to the *Add field* menu in Timeline ({pull}144988[#144988]).
* Adds an "Add to timeline investigation" button to the User Risk Scores and Host Risk Scores cards on the Entity Analytics dashboard ({pull}144819[#144819]).
* Provides the option to duplicate rules and their exceptions or rules only ({pull}144782[#144782]).
* Improves the Rule Exceptions interface and allows you to export read-only exception lists ({pull}144383[#144383]).

> * Enables a technical preview of functionality that allows users to create runtime queries that can be parameterized from alert data or hard coded literal values. ({pull}145240[#145240]).

Reviewer 3: We might want to check with @paulewing about how to communicate this feature, since it's pretty heavily in-development at this time. If we're in a hurry to merge the rest of the RNs soon, maybe omit this line while we get confirmation from Paul, then we can add it in later with a small separate PR?

Reviewer 5: This sounds like a pretty clear and straight forward description of what the feature actually is, I think @paulewing is considering a few different singular names for the feature, i.e. "insight" or "investigation" or some others, but this literal description is 100% accurate and unlikely to change. More features will be added but the core functionality will remain the same.

* Allows you to launch Timeline from the Entity Analytics dashboard by clicking alert counts ({pull}143841[#143841]).
* Adds missing TLP Marking badges to the Indicators table and Indicator details flyout ({pull}143431[#143431]).
* Ensures the empty state of the Indicators page does not appear when threat intelligence integrations are installed ({pull}143328[#143328]).
* Turns the anomalies count on the Entity Analytics dashboard into a link that jumps down the page to the Anomalies table ({pull}143085[#143085])
* Pre-selects the `threat` category when you open the Fields browser ({pull}142698[#142698]).
* Adds a `copy to clipboard` action for indicators in the Indicators table ({pull}142675[#142675]).
* Adds a `User risk classification` column to the Users table ({pull}142610[#142610]).
* Adds a label to the Indicators page that states when it was last updated ({pull}142560[#142560]).
* Specifies that links from the Threat Intelligence page to the Integrations page should open the Threat Intelligence integrations category ({pull}142538[#142538]).
* Enables full-screen mode on the Indicators table ({pull}142519[#142519]).

> * Implements the standard searchbar and date picker on the Threat Intelligence page ({pull}142336[#142336]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Implements the standard search bar and date picker on the Threat Intelligence page ({pull}142336[#142336]).
```

* Updates the design of the Rule Exceptions page ({pull}142289[#142289]).
* Displays comments for expanded items in the Action history page ({pull}141938[#141938]).
* Adds HTTP 409 conflict response status codes to error messages for several API requests ({pull}146389[#146389]).

> * Adds the new Data Exfiltration Detection (DED) integration package (https://github.com/elastic/integrations/pull/4486[#4486]).

Reviewer 3: Adding a release note for this small change (no change to the existing line above it, it just happened to be where I wanted to add the new note):
```suggestion
* Adds the new Data Exfiltration Detection (DED) integration package (https://github.com/elastic/integrations/pull/4486[#4486]).
* Renames the sorting toggle on the Rules page from *Technical preview* to *Advanced sorting* (https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/144733[#144733]).
```

> * Adds the new Data Exfiltration Detection (DED) integration package https://github.com/elastic/integrations/pull/4486[#4486].

Author: ```suggestion
* Adds the new Data Exfiltration Detection (DED) integration package (https://github.com/elastic/integrations/pull/4486[#4486]).
```
